Developed the UI layout and front-end programming (HTML) for web application that matched requirements.
Working in the Agile/Scrum development environment with frequently changing requirements and actively participated in scrum meetings and reviews.
Bootstrap used along with AngularJS in creating the Responsive Web Application.
Development of Client Side Validation techniques using JQuery and AngularJS Java Script.
Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like Hybrid HTML5, XHTML, and CSS.
REST - the standard HTTP request and response mechanism, simplifying implementation and providing for a looser coupling of the client and server.
Extensive experience in HighCharts and D3.JS Bar Chart.
Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5 (new tags like audio, video, canvas) CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.
Used JavaScript, jQuery for user interactions in pages. Creating a responsive web application integrating Twitter Bootstrap with AngularJS and media queries.
Designed and developed custom jQuery components for the front end client side validations.
Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in jQuery as well as making the pages, dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.
Modularized front end CSS and JS code.
Developed a cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing AngularJS, JavaScript API.
Leveraged Lodash JavaScript functional programming without extending any built-in objects.
Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP pages and responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development.
Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap and AngularJS.
Implemented code according to coding standards and Created AngularJS Controller, which isolate scopes to perform operations.
Developed custom directives, factories and Services in AngularJS.
Extensively used Grunt and Gulp as an associate to NodeJS to establish the connectivity between database and client.
Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.
Leveraged angular resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.
Implemented faster mobile-friendly applications using Twitter Bootstrap framework.
Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.
Using git, Bit Bucket as source repository and controlling versions of the code.
Wrote Jasmine unit tests using Karma to verify AngularJS modules and JavaScript utility routines.
Deployed the application to Apache Tomcat server and tested the front end using Jasmine.
Leveraged JIRA, Rally and flow doc to maintain the agile story points and burn downs.
Environment: Core Java, WebStorm, AngularJS, HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, REST Web Services, Sass, RWD, AJAX, JSON, XML, Maven, Star team, SQL, Junit, Grunt, Gulp and Jasmine, Rally, Flow Doc.
